flatxml                 flatXML: Tools for Working with XML Files as R
                        Dataframes
fxml_findPath           Finding XML elements
fxml_findPathBottom     Finding XML elements
fxml_findPathFull       Finding XML elements
fxml_findPathRoot       Finding XML elements
fxml_getAttribute       Attributes of an XML element
fxml_getAttributesAll   Attributes of an XML element
fxml_getChildren        Children of an XML element
fxml_getDepthLevel      Handling flat XML files
fxml_getElement         Handling flat XML files
fxml_getElementInfo     Handling flat XML files
fxml_getParent          Parent of an XML element
fxml_getSiblings        Siblings of an XML element
fxml_getUniqueElements
                        Handling flat XML files
fxml_getValue           Value of an XML element
fxml_hasAttributes      Attributes of XML elements
fxml_hasChildren        Children of an XML element
fxml_hasParent          Parent of an XML element
fxml_hasSiblings        Siblings of an XML element
fxml_hasValue           Value of an XML element
fxml_importXMLFlat      Handling flat XML files
fxml_numAttributes      Attributes of XML elements
fxml_numChildren        Children of an XML element
fxml_numSiblings        Siblings of an XML element
fxml_toDataFrame        Converting between XML and dataframes
fxml_toXML              Converting between XML and dataframes
